hello guys today I'm going to show you
how to make some fast cash and I've made
this one 1k extreme ranging for so I'm
going to hire sham first and then I'm
going to show you how to do it and it's
a very fast and good man making a new
high ocean for 90k each which is pretty
much bringing them okay hey well damn my
oh Rudy
okay that was fail but here is in 19 K
each so how to do yes no I'm sure bring
some cash you don't need one bill but to
bring some cash you go to I mean a devil
now um JaVale the first you need is
going to stop this store salesman and
buy a ranging patent and I can't okay
you buy one ranging patent that cost
three point 4 K 3 K and then you are
going to buy Queen was bikes that's 70 K
and so in decay and that's 20 okay so
this cost 20 K to do one and now I'm
going to show you how to earn so you
shit okay anyways this is what you need
a green will spike and arranging pot and
then you're gonna use the green one
spikes it and make one then you gotta
extreme ranging and now I'm going to
show you the profit you're going to hire
all shit and you need a level of 59 in
magic to higher but here comes the
money-making I bought the green wall
spikes and the ranging password 20k now
I want higher shit for 19k that means
that I earned 17k yeah in just one part
and you see I made 1k and that are going
to be 90 mil and then he got very much
her blower experience so yes this is a
very good money meeting
and I'm going to hire all of this like
1k so oh all right I think that was oh
man mmm
excuse me fuck say okay ah hate my life
at the moment
okay anyways that was everything
everything for today so I hope you
enjoyed and got some ideas how to make
money
yep is going to make
to fix my bank again and I really hoped
you enjoyed and did and that I helped
you so bye